




People betting ups and downs in price.
But no one bet on the pool of money so the pricing is stable.
For example:
10 bucket of egg. Everyone wants to bet tomorrow is going to be 8cents from yesterday that costs 9cents. or 1 share of the company is $10 tomorrow is $11.

If buy in $10,0000 for all the bucket of egg. Then tomorrow we know for sure the price of egg.




Yes there is the possibility that 
an egg broke or someone make 12 bucket of egg,
but why because of one tiny imperfection and throw away a perfect model?

For each one of this contract, then we can buffer in additional the practical uncertainty.
And when the law of technological advancement kicks in. the price is set according to it.
The race become quality, quantity of producing it. and once someone found a new way. replicate that. 
When the world is fixed in price. we have goals to beat in each objective.

Say my favor is egg, but I want egg yoke 99.9% and 0.1% egg yellow, because just my taste. and I want it natural. but the current technology to do that is fixed 1million dollar.
Now someone takes on it, got the initial price and specs to do so. that is in the market.
What happen to deriviate market? I hope people come to the consense that the speed of technology is faster than trying to go into black market.
and blackmarket should consider a possible model, but they are sub-optimal and should be absorbed into mainstream asap.

If one doesn't want to share the information. you have all other human and organization to study their product and come up with that problem.
Its matter between the two scientist rather than market choice. 

Manufacture, suppliers, if people willing to accept standardized pricing, I believe it would work out. 
Maybe is not now, maybe one is not rich enough, Maybe I am stupid to see what I said so I use the word believe.

Accounting
1 Egg $20 1-1-2010
10 Cellphone $100 1-1-2010
-------------------------------
What the prestige school teaches you? Average, Median. Percentiles.
What do you get from this model? the exact number.
What do variance buys you? prestige, differences, supermacy. 

I know we have set an bad example in communist for centralized government spending and classless citizen.
But I believe thats because we have information blocking, and unwillingness to share each other, and most important world peace. 
If every one have same human rights, and have access to education that is equally for everyone. 
And most importantly treating less educated equally as educated, basically respect.

The psychological aspect is use to nurture peace, human rights, fairness and kind.
Then eventually the price model will fall into place. 
The central government failed because it was not fair for everyone.
A persons skill only represents what he is capable, doesn't shows what his worth of basic existences.

